Ncsdk 25508 peripheral sensor node sample (#14674)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/peripheral_sensor_node/README.rst

Configuration files are defined in the :file:`applications/peripheral_sensor_node/configuration/nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15_cpuapp` directory.

Advertising configuration
-------------------------

If a given build type enables Bluetooth, the :ref:`caf_ble_adv` is used to control the Bluetooth advertising.
This CAF module relies on :ref:`bt_le_adv_prov_readme` to manage advertising data and to scan response data.
The nRF Peripheral Sensor node application configures the data providers in the :file:`src/util/Kconfig` file.
By default, the application enables a set of data providers available in the |NCS|.
If the Noridc UART Service (NUS) is enabled in the configuration, and the Bluetooth local identity in use has no bond, the application also adds a custom provider that appends UUID128 of NUS to the scan response data.

Shield Configuration
====================

To ensure that the measurement is triggered by an interrupt from the ADXL362 sensor, you need to set a jumper on the shield board.
Place a jumper on header **P3** to connect the ``IRQ_U3`` signal.
This configuration allows the application to respond to interrupts generated by the sensor.

Building and running
********************

> .. |sample path| replace:: :file:`applications/peripheral_sensor_node`

Reviewer: This will fix the doc build (sorry, my mistake, the include was different than usual).
```suggestion
.. |application path| replace:: :file:`applications/peripheral_sensor_node`
```

.. include:: /includes/application_build_and_run.txt

Building with PCA63565
======================

To build for the PCA63565 shield, build with the CMake ``SHIELD`` option set to ``pca63565``.
See :ref:`cmake_options` for instructions on how to provide CMake options.

For example, if you build on the command line, you can use the following command:

.. code-block:: console

   west build -b nrf54l15pdk/nrf54l15/cpuapp -- -DSHIELD=pca63565

Alternatively, you can use the :ref:`Twister test case <running_unit_tests>` by running the following command:

.. code-block:: console

   west build -b nrf54l15pdk/nrf54l15/cpuapp -T applications.peripheral_sensor_node .

Testing with the PDK
====================

.. _nrf_peripheral_sensor_node_app_testing:

After programming the application, perform the following steps to test the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application on the Preview Development Kit (PDK):

1. Turn on the PDK.
   The application starts Bluetooth advertising.
#. Start the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application on your smartphone or tablet.
#. Connect to the device from the application.

>    When connected, go to :guilabel:`more options` and click :guilabel:`Request MTU`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When connected, go to :guilabel:`...` and click :guilabel:`Request MTU`.
```

.. _nrf_peripheral_sensor_node_app:

nRF Peripheral Sensor node
##########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The nRF Peripheral Sensor node is an application that periodically acquires data from a Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI) and Two-wire Interface (TWI) devices, advertises, and enables the reading of sensor values from Bluetooth® service in a power-efficient way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The nRF Peripheral Sensor node is an application that periodically acquires data from a Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI) and Two-wire Interface (TWI) devices. 
It advertises and enables the reading of sensor values from a Bluetooth® service in a power-efficient way
```

Reviewer 3: > 

```suggestion
The nRF Peripheral Sensor node is an application that periodically acquires data from devices using either the Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI) or Two-wire Interface (TWI), advertises, and enables the reading of sensor values from Bluetooth® services in a power-efficient way.
```
It works on both SPI and TWI devices, right? @rakons 
What's the bluetooth service it enables the reading of sensor values from?
Is it a specific one?

The application performs burst measurements periodically and in response to IMU interrupts.

> Measured data is stored in the non-volatile memory (NVM) and can be retrieved through Bluetooth.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The measured data is stored in the non-volatile memory (NVM) and can be retrieved through Bluetooth.
```

The application holds a number of measurements depending on the size of memory allocated for storage.

> New data automatically replaces oldest records.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New data automatically replaces the oldest records.
```

Application Overview
********************

> To perform its tasks, the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application uses components available in Zephyr and the |NCS|, namely the :ref:`lib_caf` modules and :ref:`zephyr:sensor_api` for sampling sensors, :ref:`nsms_readme` for presenting measured data, and a dedicated service for historical data retrieval over Bluetooth LE.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To perform its tasks, the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application uses components available in Zephyr and the |NCS|. 
These include the :ref:`lib_caf` modules and :ref:`zephyr:sensor_api` for sampling sensors, :ref:`nsms_readme` for presenting measured data, and a dedicated service for historical data retrieval over Bluetooth LE.
```

The application also stores measurements in a dedicated non-volatile memory partition.
You can download the stored data over Bluetooth.

Sampling sensors
================

The application handles the sensor sampling using the Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:sensor_api`.

> This approach allows to use any sensor available in Zephyr.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This approach allows it to use any sensor available in Zephyr.
```

By default, you need to use the :ref:`peripheral_sensor_node_shield` for this application.

Power management
================

To reduce power consumption, the Peripheral Sensor node application mostly remains in the power-down state.

> The application periodically performs burst measurement of the environmental and IMU sensors in specified intervals and does additional burst measurement when triggered by the interrupt from the ``ADXL362`` sensor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The application periodically performs burst measurement of the environmental and IMU sensors at specified intervals and does additional burst measurement when triggered by the interrupt from the `ADXL362`_ sensor.
```

> You can configure the periodic burst measurement intervals through the :ref:`CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_INTERVAL_S <CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_INTERVAL_S>` Kconfig option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure the intervals for periodic burst measurement through the :ref:`CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_INTERVAL_S <CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_INTERVAL_S>` Kconfig option.
```

By default, the burst interval is set to 120 seconds.

> You can configure the number of measurements for a single burst using the :ref:`CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_CNT <CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_CNT>` Kconfig option, and the time interval between measurements is specified in the :ref:`CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_INTERVAL_MS <CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_INTERVAL_MS>` Kconfig option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also configure the number of measurements for a single burst using the :ref:`CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_CNT <CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_CNT>` Kconfig option. 
The time interval between measurements is specified in the :ref:`CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_INTERVAL_MS <CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_INTERVAL_MS>` Kconfig option.
```

When the application performs burst measurements, it also starts advertising.
This means it can be connected through a Bluetooth central device, for example, the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application on your smartphone or tablet.

Firmware architecture
=====================

The nRF Peripheral Sensor node application has a modular structure, where each module has a defined scope of responsibilities.
The application uses the :ref:`app_event_manager` to distribute events between modules in the system.

The following figure shows the application architecture and visualizes relations between Application Event Manager, modules, drivers, and libraries.

.. figure:: /images/peripheral_sensor_node_arch.svg
   :alt: Peripheral Sensor node application architecture

   Peripheral Sensor node application architecture

Requirements
************

The application supports the following development kit:

> .. table-from-sample-yaml::

Reviewer 4: I checked the local build and shield has been updated. The doc preview is not updated with latest updates.

User interface
**************

> The application uses one LED to display the application state.
> ``LED 1`` lit when the application is active

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

LED 1:
   The LED is lit when the application is active.
```
Just to make sure - is 'LED 1' the updated numbering used on newer PDKs?

Reviewer 5: Application uses LED1.

You can interact with the application by using the logging system and Bluetooth application described in the :ref:`nrf_peripheral_sensor_node_app_testing` section.

Configuration
*************

The nRF Peripheral Sensor node application is modular and event-driven.
You can enable and configure the modules separately for the selected board and build type.
See the :ref:`lib_caf` documentation for more information.

Configuration options
=====================

Check and configure the following Kconfig options:

.. _CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_INTERVAL_S:

CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_INTERVAL_S

>    The application configuration specifies the time in seconds between burst data acquisitions from sensors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The application configuration sets the time interval in seconds for burst data acquisitions from sensors.
```

>    If sensor data burst is not triggered by :c:struct:`wake_up_event` from IMU, burst is performed every interval value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If sensor data burst is not triggered by :c:struct:`wake_up_event` from IMU, it is performed at each interval.
```

The nRF Peripheral Sensor node application configures the data providers in the :file:`src/util/Kconfig` file.
By default, the application enables a set of data providers available in the |NCS|.
If the Noridc UART Service (NUS) is enabled in the configuration, and the Bluetooth local identity in use has no bond, the application also adds a custom provider that appends UUID128 of NUS to the scan response data.

Shield Configuration
====================

To ensure that the measurement is triggered by an interrupt from the ``ADXL362`` sensor, you need to set a jumper on the shield board.
Place a jumper on header P3 to connect the IRQ_U3 signal.
This configuration allows the application to respond to interrupts generated by the sensor.

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`applications/peripheral_sensor_node`

.. include:: /includes/application_build_and_run.txt

Complete the following steps to program the sample:

1. Go to the sample directory.
#. Open the command line terminal.
#. Run the following command to build the application code:

   .. code-block:: console

>       west build -b nrf54l15pdk_nrf54l15_cpuapp -- -DSHIELD=pca63565

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      west build -b nrf54l15pdk/nrf54l15/cpuapp -- -DSHIELD=pca63565
```

>    or use twister test case:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Alternatively, you can use the twister test case by running the following command:
```

   .. code-block:: console

>       west build -b nrf54l15pdk_nrf54l15_cpuapp -T applications.peripheral_sensor_node .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      west build -b nrf54l15pdk/nrf54l15/cpuapp -T applications.peripheral_sensor_node .
```

#. Program the application to the kit:

   .. code-block:: console

      west flash

> If you use the |nRFVSC|, specify ``-DSHIELD=pca63565`` in the **Extra Cmake arguments** field when `setting up a build configuration <How to work with build configurations_>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using the |nRFVSC|, specify the ``-DSHIELD=pca63565`` argument in the **Extra Cmake arguments** field when `setting up a build configuration <How to work with build configurations_>`_.
```

Application logs
================

The application provides logs through the UART of the PDK.

.. _nrf_peripheral_sensor_node_app_testing:

Testing with the PDK
====================

> After programming the application, perform the following steps to test the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application on the  Preview Development Kit (PDK):

Reviewer 6: This looks like double space
```suggestion
After programming the application, perform the following steps to test the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application on the Preview Development Kit (PDK):
```

The :file:`_def` files are used by the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application modules and :ref:`lib_caf` modules.

Configuration files are defined in the :file:`applications/peripheral_sensor_node/configuration/nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15_cpuapp` directory.

Advertising configuration
-------------------------

If a given build type enables Bluetooth, the :ref:`caf_ble_adv` is used to control the Bluetooth advertising.
This CAF module relies on :ref:`bt_le_adv_prov_readme` to manage advertising data and to scan response data.
The nRF Peripheral Sensor node application configures the data providers in the :file:`src/util/Kconfig` file.
By default, the application enables a set of data providers available in the |NCS|.
If the Noridc UART Service (NUS) is enabled in the configuration, and the Bluetooth local identity in use has no bond, the application also adds a custom provider that appends UUID128 of NUS to the scan response data.

Shield Configuration
====================

> To ensure that the measurement is triggered by an interrupt from the ``ADXL362`` sensor, you need to set a jumper on the shield board.

Reviewer 5: Fixed.

Place a jumper on header P3 to connect the ``IRQ_U3`` signal.
This configuration allows the application to respond to interrupts generated by the sensor.

Building and running
********************

.. note::

>     |sysbuild_autoenabled_ncs|

Reviewer 4: Please move the note after line no:157. So, the we have the building steps and then the  note.

1. Go to the sample directory.
#. Open the command line terminal.
#. Run the following command to build the application code:

   .. code-block:: console

      west build -b nrf54l15pdk/nrf54l15/cpuapp -- -DSHIELD=pca63565

   Alternatively, you can use the twister test case by running the following command:

   .. code-block:: console

      west build -b nrf54l15pdk/nrf54l15/cpuapp -T applications.peripheral_sensor_node .

#. Program the application to the kit:

   .. code-block:: console

      west flash

If you are using the |nRFVSC|, specify the ``-DSHIELD=pca63565`` argument in the **Extra Cmake arguments** field when `setting up a build configuration <How to work with build configurations_>`_.

.. note::
    |sysbuild_autoenabled_ncs|

> Application logs
> ================
> 
> The application provides logs through the UART of the PDK.

Reviewer: I'm going to move this to after the testing steps.
```suggestion
```

.. _nrf_peripheral_sensor_node_app_testing:

Testing with the PDK
====================

After programming the application, perform the following steps to test the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application on the Preview Development Kit (PDK):

1. Turn on the PDK.
   The application starts Bluetooth advertising.
#. Start the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application on your smartphone or tablet.
#. Connect to the device from the application.

>    When connected, go to :guilabel:`more options` and click :guilabel:`Request MTU`.

Reviewer: Is `more options` decapitalized in the app?

Reviewer 5: The `more option` button in app is displayed as 3 vertical dots.

Reviewer: Then let's provide it.

Reviewer 5: Done.

   Set the value to ``498``.
   The device is advertising as ``Peripheral Sensor Node``.
   You will see services of the connected device.

>    If the device cannot be found, the PDK might be connected to another device.
>    Terminate the connection with the other device, refresh the scanning and connect to the PDK.
>    The bonding data can be erased by running the following command:
> 
>       .. code-block:: console
> 
>          west flash --erase

Reviewer: This is a corner case, so let's highlight it in a note:

```suggestion
   .. note::
      If the device cannot be found, the PDK might be connected to another device.
      Terminate the connection with the other device, refresh the scanning and connect to the PDK.
      The bonding data can be erased by running the :ref:`standard programming command <programming>`.
```

#. Find the ``Env read`` charateristic (UUID ``de550004-acb6-4c73-8445-2563acbb43c2``).
#. Enable notification for this characteristic.
#. Find ``Env read req`` charateristic (UUID ``de550002-acb6-4c73-8445-2563acbb43c2``).
#. Write to ``Env read req`` a number of requested history depth as little endian uint16_t.
#. Observe the returned data in ``Env read``.
#. See the latest measurement results of IMU and environmental sensors through a separate **Nordic Status Message Service** characteristics.

> #. To observe the logs, connect to the development kit with a terminal emulator.
>    See :ref:`serial_terminal_connect` for the required settings.

Reviewer: Moving the section about logs here:
```suggestion

Application logs
================

The application provides logs through the UART of the PDK.
To observe the logs, connect to the development kit with a terminal emulator, for example `nRF Connect Serial Terminal`_.
See :ref:`serial_terminal_connect` for the required settings.
```

The :file:`_def` files are used by the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application modules and :ref:`lib_caf` modules.

Configuration files are defined in the :file:`applications/peripheral_sensor_node/configuration/nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15_cpuapp` directory.

Advertising configuration
-------------------------

If a given build type enables Bluetooth, the :ref:`caf_ble_adv` is used to control the Bluetooth advertising.
This CAF module relies on :ref:`bt_le_adv_prov_readme` to manage advertising data and to scan response data.
The nRF Peripheral Sensor node application configures the data providers in the :file:`src/util/Kconfig` file.
By default, the application enables a set of data providers available in the |NCS|.
If the Noridc UART Service (NUS) is enabled in the configuration, and the Bluetooth local identity in use has no bond, the application also adds a custom provider that appends UUID128 of NUS to the scan response data.

Shield Configuration
====================

To ensure that the measurement is triggered by an interrupt from the ``ADXL362`` sensor, you need to set a jumper on the shield board.

> Place a jumper on header P3 to connect the IRQ_U3 signal.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Place a jumper on header P3 to connect the ``IRQ_U3`` signal.
```

#. Run the following command to build the application code:

   .. code-block:: console

      west build -b nrf54l15pdk/nrf54l15/cpuapp -- -DSHIELD=pca63565

   Alternatively, you can use the twister test case by running the following command:

   .. code-block:: console

      west build -b nrf54l15pdk/nrf54l15/cpuapp -T applications.peripheral_sensor_node .

#. Program the application to the kit:

   .. code-block:: console

      west flash

If you are using the |nRFVSC|, specify the ``-DSHIELD=pca63565`` argument in the **Extra Cmake arguments** field when `setting up a build configuration <How to work with build configurations_>`_.

Application logs
================

The application provides logs through the UART of the PDK.

.. _nrf_peripheral_sensor_node_app_testing:

Testing with the PDK
====================

After programming the application, perform the following steps to test the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application on the Preview Development Kit (PDK):

1. Turn on the PDK.
   The application starts Bluetooth advertising.
#. Start the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application on your smartphone or tablet.
#. Connect to the device from the application.

>    When connected, go to more options and click :guilabel:`Request MTU`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   When connected, go to :guilabel:`more options` and click :guilabel:`Request MTU`.
```

Reviewer 3: If it is a gui label, that should be highlighted (also with the correct capitalization)

.. _nrf_peripheral_sensor_node_app:

nRF Peripheral Sensor node
##########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The nRF Peripheral Sensor node application is a demo of the application that periodically acquires the data from a Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI) and Two-wire Interface (TWI) devices, advertises, and enables the reading of sensor values from Bluetooth® service in a power-efficient way.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The nRF Peripheral Sensor node is an application that periodically acquires  data from a Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI) and Two-wire Interface (TWI) devices, advertises, and enables the reading of sensor values from Bluetooth® service in a power-efficient way.
```

The application performs burst measurements periodically and in response to IMU interrupts.
Measured data is stored in the non-volatile memory (NVM) and can be retrieved through Bluetooth.
The application holds a number of measurements depending on the size of memory allocated for storage.
New data automatically replaces oldest records.

Application Overview
********************

> To perform its tasks, the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application uses components available in Zephyr and the |NCS|, namely the :ref:`lib_caf` modules and :ref:`zephyr:sensor_api` for sampling sensors, :ref:`nsms_readme` for presenting measured data, and dedicated service for historical data retrieval over Bluetooth LE.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To perform its tasks, the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application uses components available in Zephyr and the |NCS|, namely the :ref:`lib_caf` modules and :ref:`zephyr:sensor_api` for sampling sensors, :ref:`nsms_readme` for presenting measured data, and a dedicated service for historical data retrieval over Bluetooth LE.
```

The application also stores measurements in a dedicated non-volatile memory partition.
You can download the stored data over Bluetooth.

Sampling sensors
================

The application handles the sensor sampling using the Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:sensor_api`.
This approach allows to use any sensor available in Zephyr.

> By default, you need to use the Peripheral Sensor node Shield for this application.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
By default, you need to use the Peripheral Sensor node shield for this application.
```

Sensors shield
--------------

> The Peripheral Sensor node shield is an extension for the nRF54L15 PDK that contains the following sensors:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Peripheral Sensor node shield is an extension for the nRF54L15 PDK and is needed to test the application.
It contains the following sensors:
```

  * ``ADXL362`` Low power accelerometer
  * ``BMI270`` Accelerometer and gyroscope
  * ``BME688`` Environmental sensor

.. figure:: /images/peripheral_sensor_node_shield.png
   :width: 350px
   :align: center
   :alt: Peripheral Sensor node shield

   Peripheral Sensor node shield

> This enables you to test the Peripheral Sensor node application on the nRF54L15 PDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

| P2.08                   | SPI MOSI   | Serial Data In  |
+-------------------------+------------+-----------------+
| P2.09                   | SPI MISO   | Serial Data Out |
+-------------------------+------------+-----------------+
| P2.06                   | SPI SCK    | Serial Clock    |
+-------------------------+------------+-----------------+
| P1.14                   | GPIO       | SPI Interrupt   |
+-------------------------+------------+-----------------+
| P1.11                   | TWI SCL    | TWI Clock       |
+-------------------------+------------+-----------------+
| P1.12                   | TWI SDA    | TWI Data        |
+-------------------------+------------+-----------------+

Shield is an add-on that you can attach to the nRF54L15 PDK to extend its features and functionalities.

If you want to run the application on the nRF54L15 PDK, you need to attach the sensor shield to it.

.. figure:: /images/peripheral_sensor_node_assy.png
   :width: 350px
   :align: center
   :alt: Peripheral Sensor node assembly

   Peripheral Sensor node assembly

The shield must be oriented in a way that allows its silkscreen to read the same way as PDK.

> The shield must not be rotated.

Reviewer: Couple of questions:

1. Is this shield used only in this application? Can it be used in the future with other nRF54L15 samples or applications?

2. Is it mandatory for running this application? It is weird to see shield discussed before the requirements of the app are even mentioned.
  - If yes, then the shield should be mentioned under Requirements and in Setup: https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/templates/application_README.html#setup.
  -  If not, then it should be mentioned under Additional configuration: https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/templates/application_README.html#additional-configuration

Reviewer 2: As discussed offline - maybe it would be a good idea to leave this information here for now and when I create a PR for other nrf54l15 docs I could move this part to a separate article under the Working with nrf54L

Reviewer 5: The shield documentation is created in a separate file.
See: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/16508

Power management
================

To reduce power consumption, the Peripheral Sensor node application mostly remains in the power-down state.

> The application performs burst measurement of the environmental and IMU sensors periodically with a given interval and does additional burst measurement when triggered by the interrupt from the ``ADXL362`` sensor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The application periodically performs burst measurement of the environmental and IMU sensors in specified intervals and does additional burst measurement when triggered by the interrupt from the ``ADXL362`` sensor.
```

You can configure the periodic burst measurement intervals through the :ref:`CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_INTERVAL_S <CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_INTERVAL_S>` Kconfig option.
By default, the burst interval is set to 120 seconds.
You can configure the number of measurements for a single burst using the :ref:`CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_CNT <CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_CNT>` Kconfig option, and the time interval between measurements is specified in the :ref:`CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_INTERVAL_MS <CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_INTERVAL_MS>` Kconfig option.

When the application performs burst measurements, it also starts advertising.
This means it can be connected through a Bluetooth central device, for example, the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application on your smartphone or tablet.

Firmware architecture
=====================

The nRF Peripheral Sensor node application has a modular structure, where each module has a defined scope of responsibilities.
The application uses the :ref:`app_event_manager` to distribute events between modules in the system.

> The following figure shows the application architecture.
> The figure visualizes relations between Application Event Manager, modules, drivers, and libraries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following figure shows the application architecture and visualizes relations between Application Event Manager, modules, drivers, and libraries.
```

.. figure:: /images/peripheral_sensor_node_arch.svg
   :alt: Peripheral Sensor node application architecture

   Peripheral Sensor node application architecture

Programming nRF54L15 PDK
========================

The nRF54L15 PDK has a J-Link debug IC that can be used to program the firmware.

> See the `Building and running`_ section for more information.

Reviewer: Why is this mentioned here under Overview? This is pretty much a hardware-related information, and we don't list hardware features of the boards in their samples.

I would suggest moving this to under Building and running straight away.

Reviewer 4: The information about J-Link debug IC (since it is a hardware-related information) could be moved to the nRF54L15 getting stared guide, as I couldn't find this information there, and we could remove this section from here. We could consider this in a separate PR, once the guide is available?

"_The nRF54L15 PDK has a J-Link debug IC that can be used to program the firmware._"

Reviewer: Yes, I agree, but I would still suggest mentioning this only in the Building and running for now.

Reviewer 5: I removed this from the application documentation.

Requirements
************

The application supports the following development kit:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

User interface
**************

> You can interact with the application by using the logging system and Bluetooth application described in the :ref:`nrf_peripheral_sensor_node_app_testing` section.

Reviewer 5: I have added LED in the application and updated the documentation.

Configuration
*************

The nRF Peripheral Sensor node application is modular and event-driven.
You can enable and configure the modules separately for the selected board and build type.

> See the documentation page of the selected module for information about functionalities provided by the module and its configuration.

Reviewer: What pages are you referring here to?

Reviewer 5: Updated, I added reference to the CAF.

Configuration options
=====================

Check and configure the following Kconfig options:

.. _CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_INTERVAL_S:

CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_INTERVAL_S
   The application configuration specifies the time in seconds between burst data acquisitions from sensors.

>    If sensor data burst is not triggered by ``wake_up_event`` from IMU, burst is performed every interval value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If sensor data burst is not triggered by :c:struct:`wake_up_event` from IMU, burst is performed every interval value.
```

.. _CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_CNT:

CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_CNT
   The application configuration specifies the number of measurements a single burst acquires before going to sleep.
   The default value is ``10``.

.. _CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_INTERVAL_MS:

CONFIG_APP_CONTROL_BURST_MEAS_INTERVAL_MS
   The application configuration specifies the time interval between measurements for a single burst.
   The default value is 1000 ms.

Configuration files
===================

> The nRF Peripheral Sensor node application uses the following files as configuration sources:
> 
> * Devicetree Specification (DTS) files - These reflect the hardware configuration.
>   See :ref:`zephyr:dt-guide` for more information about the DTS data structure.
> * Kconfig files - These reflect the software configuration.
>   See :ref:`kconfig_tips_and_tricks` for information about how to configure them.
> * :file:`_def` files - These contain configuration arrays for the application modules.
>   The :file:`_def` files are used by the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application modules and :ref:`lib_caf` modules.

Reviewer: Can we link to https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/config_and_build/config_and_build_system.html instead of listing these? This is mostly basic knowledge for Zephyr and NCS users.
```suggestion
The nRF Peripheral Sensor node application uses both the :ref:`standard configuration files common to Zephyr and the |NCS| <app_build_system>` and the application-specific :file:`_def` files, which contain configuration arrays for the application modules. The :file:`_def` files are used by the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application modules and :ref:`lib_caf` modules.
```

Configuration files are defined in the :file:`applications/peripheral_sensor_node/configuration/nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15_cpuapp@soc1` directory.

Advertising configuration
-------------------------

If a given build type enables Bluetooth, the :ref:`caf_ble_adv` is used to control the Bluetooth advertising.
This CAF module relies on :ref:`bt_le_adv_prov_readme` to manage advertising data and to scan response data.
The nRF Peripheral Sensor node application configures the data providers in the :file:`src/util/Kconfig` file.
By default, the application enables a set of data providers available in the |NCS|.
If the Noridc UART Service (NUS) is enabled in the configuration, and the Bluetooth local identity in use has no bond, the application also adds a custom provider that appends UUID128 of NUS to the scan response data.

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`applications/peripheral_sensor_node`

> The Peripheral Sensor node application is built the same way as any other |NCS| application or sample.

Reviewer: If it is built the same way as any other |NCS| application or sample, please follow the template: https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/templates/application_README.html#building-and-running

> Complete the following steps to program the nRF54L15 PDK using the command line interface:

Reviewer: Provide information about programming in the VSC extension, as it is the recommended IDE.

Reviewer 5: Added note.

      .. code-block:: console

         west flash

      The command flashes all required binaries to the PDK from the build directory, then resets and runs the application.

      .. note::

            When programming the device, you might get an error similar to the following message::

               ERROR: The operation attempted is unavailable due to readback protection in
               ERROR: your device. Please use --recover to unlock the device.

            This error occurs when readback protection is enabled.
            To disable the readback protection, you must *recover* your device.

            Enter the following command to recover the core::

               west flash --recover

            The ``--recover`` command erases the flash memory and then writes a small binary into the recovered flash memory.
            This binary prevents the readback protection from enabling itself again after a pin reset or power cycle.

Application logs
================

The application provides logs through the UART of the PDK.

.. _nrf_peripheral_sensor_node_app_testing:

Testing with the PDK
====================

> After programming the application, perform the following steps to test the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application on the Development Kit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After programming the application, perform the following steps to test the nRF Peripheral Sensor node application on the Preview Development Kit (PDK):
```

> 1. Turn on the development kit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Turn on the PDK.
```

   The application starts Bluetooth advertising.
#. Start the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application on your smartphone or tablet.
#. Connect to the device from the application.
   When connected, go to more options and click :guilabel:`Request MTU`.
   Set the value to ``498``.
   The device is advertising as ``Peripheral Sensor Node``.

>    The services of the connected device are shown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You will see services of the connected device.
```

   If the device cannot be found, the PDK might be connected to another device.
   Terminate the connection with the other device, refresh the scanning and connect to the PDK.
   The bonding data can be erased by running the following command:

      .. code-block:: console

         west flash --erase

#. Find the ``Env read`` charateristic (UUID ``de550004-acb6-4c73-8445-2563acbb43c2``).
#. Enable notification for this characteristic.
#. Find ``Env read req`` charateristic (UUID ``de550002-acb6-4c73-8445-2563acbb43c2``).
#. Write to ``Env read req`` a number of requested history depth as little endian uint16_t.
#. Observe the returned data in ``Env read``.
#. See the latest measurement results of IMU and environmental sensors through a separate **Nordic Status Message Service** characteristics.
#. To observe the logs, connect to the development kit with a terminal emulator (for example, PuTTY).

>    See :ref:`putty` for the required settings.

Reviewer: PuTTY should not be recommended as the default terminal emulator. Please use nRF Connect Serial Terminal and link to https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/test_and_optimize.html .
Re: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/13663
